Emmanuel Macron was elected
president of the Republic on Sunday.
You saw him at the Louvre.
What did you think about this evening...
...with Emmanuel Macron wanting to make
his speech in front of the pyramid?
Quite frankly,
what did you think of this?
That's his style. I certainly
wouldn't have done that.
It's monarchist
and choosing the Louvre...
...which is one of the symbols
of the French monarchy.
This peculiar atmosphere with the pyramid,
itself a monarchist symbol.
That's his temperment,
that's how he is.
-It's important.
-What will remain is...
...this monarchist image he wanted
to create for himself...
...which corresponds to his obligations -
It must be said, Mr. Bourdin...
...because he doesn't have
a majority.
So he must be the most Cesarean
president we've ever known because...
...he plans to implement his program,
we won't hold it against him.
He believes in his ideas but it'll be
hard with no majority to...
...attack the Labor Law,
for example.
I respect his job.
I want to say that.
I won't haggle over
his getting elected.
I wish him well in carrying out
his mission.
I wish him good health,
essential for what he has to do.
And naturally, I'll be fighting
him relentlessly...
...by placing myself as leader-
if the voters agree -
...of a coalition government
if we can achieve that.
The first condition is for
the 7 million people...
...who voted for
"L'Avenir en commun"...
...hold true
to that commitment.
It's a program,
not "Jean-Luc Mélenchon", the person.
At all my speeches, you heard me
stopping people from yelling my name.
Don't yell my name!
I said we yell "resistance".
We yell "resistance"!
We yell "rebellious"!
We support a program.
I firmly believe in putting
the program at the center.
So, along with my friends,
I'm running in the legislative elections.
We have a program and
we're ready to govern.
I'm starting a campaign
to win.
Meaning, when I see the polls,
I'm between 13 or 16%.
And Mr. Macron between 20 and 24.
That's nothing!
6 points is easy
to make up!
We could have a legislative majority!
I'm fighting for that!
This is about our program,
"L'Avenir en Commun".
Don't give Mr. Macron
full power!
Vote for "La France Insoumise"
candidates!